gh-90556: add SharedMemory.rename on multiprocessing.shared_memory (#132130)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-01-17-20-03-56.bpo-46398.FATeqM.rst

> Add :meth:`!rename` to the :mod:`multiprocessing.shared_memory` library for FreeBSD.

Reviewer: Why not just link to the actual method?
```suggestion
Add the :mod:`multiprocessing.shared_memory.SharedMemory.rename` method for FreeBSD.
```
